[OSDOCS#9796] Add note about ShiftStack CPMS gotchas to release notes (#72319)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-14-release-notes.adoc

For more information, see xref:../machine_management/control_plane_machine_management/cpmso-getting-started.adoc#cpmso-getting-started[Getting started with the Control Plane Machine Set Operator].

[NOTE]
====

> For clusters that have root volume availability zones and are running on {rh-openstack} that you upgrade to {product-version} and have root volume availability zones, you must converge control plane machines onto one server group before you can enable control plane machine sets. To make the required change, follow the instructions in the related link:https://access.redhat.com/solutions/7013893[knowledge base article].

Reviewer: It might be unavoidable, but the first sentence is very long and hard to follow. Is it possible to break it up a bit more? Or perhaps is the second instance of "and have root volume availability zones" not required?

Author: Trying to keep things the same as the known issues later on, but yeah, this is not ideal.

```suggestion
For clusters that have root volume availability zones and are running on {rh-openstack} that you upgrade to {product-version}, you must converge control plane machines onto one server group before you can enable control plane machine sets. To make the required change, follow the instructions in link:https://access.redhat.com/solutions/7013893[OpenShift on OpenStack with Availability Zones: Invalid Compute ServerGroup setup during OpenShift deployment].
```

> For clusters that have compute zones configured with at least one zone and are running on {rh-openstack}, which is upgradable to version {product-version}, root volumes must now also be configured with at least one zone. If this configuration change does not occur, a control plane machine set cannot be generated for your cluster. To make the required change, follow the instructions in the related link:https://access.redhat.com/solutions/7024383[knowledge base article].

Reviewer: Since these are two different kbase article links, it might be helpful to users to list the titles of the articles, instead of just "knowledge base article" as the link text.

See https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#rh-kb-links for more info on linking to kbase articles

Author: ```suggestion
For clusters that have compute zones configured with at least one zone and are running on {rh-openstack}, which is upgradable to version {product-version}, root volumes must now also be configured with at least one zone. If this configuration change does not occur, a control plane machine set cannot be generated for your cluster. To make the required change, follow the instructions in the related link:https://access.redhat.com/solutions/7024383[OpenShift on OpenStack with compute Availability Zones: Missing rootVolume availability zone].
```

+
You can control IP forwarding for all traffic on OVN-Kubernetes managed interfaces by using the `gatewayConfig.ipForwarding` specification in the `Network` resource. Specify `Restricted` to forward all traffic related to OVN-Kubernetes only. Specify `Global` to allow forwarding of all IP traffic. For new installations, the default is `Restricted`. For upgrades to {product-version}, the default is `Global`. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-3176[*OCPBUGS-3176*]) (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-16051[*OCPBUGS-16051*])

> * For clusters that have root volume availability zones and are running on {rh-openstack} that you upgrade to {product-version} and have root volume availability zones, you must converge control plane machines onto one server group before you can enable control plane machine sets. To make the required change, follow the instructions in the link:https://access.redhat.com/solutions/7013893[knowledge base article]. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-13300[*OCPBUGS-13300*])

Reviewer: We don't write ours as two words

See https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#knowledgebase and https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#rh-kb-links

> * For clusters that have root volume availability zones and are running on {rh-openstack} that you upgrade to {product-version} and have root volume availability zones, you must converge control plane machines onto one server group before you can enable control plane machine sets. To make the required change, follow the instructions in the link:https://access.redhat.com/solutions/7013893[knowledge base article]. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-13300[*OCPBUGS-13300*])

Author: ```suggestion
* For clusters that have root volume availability zones and are running on {rh-openstack} that you upgrade to {product-version}, you must converge control plane machines onto one server group before you can enable control plane machine sets. To make the required change, follow the instructions in the link:https://access.redhat.com/solutions/7013893[knowledge base article]. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-13300[*OCPBUGS-13300*])
```
